It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Two seats were vacant.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
On each full moon
